(birds chirping)
- From what I can see,
your garden's ripe for harvest.
- [Hachiko] It's more than ripe,
it's overflowing.
("Rose" by Anna Tsuchiya)
- I win.
6,000 from each of you.
- No way!
Come on, gimme a break.
- He isn't kidding either,
he's really done it.
But we could do with less of the
attitude.
- Damn him.
If we were playing Sevens, I'd
be winning.
- What the hell's Sevens?
- This card game the
band's really gotten into.
We play every night when we're
on tour.
- It's all Nalaki's fault
for bringing a pack of cards
along
in the first place.
I mean, this is a serious
professional tour,
not some school field trip.
(Nobu laughs)
(knife clatters on tabletop)
- Sevens, huh?
And the guys from Trap
Nest play every night?
(hard rock tune)
Sounds like Sevens must
be a really cool game!
And Ren says no one can beat
him!
- So the Sevens game, is it fun
to play?
- Seriously, you don't know?
- What kind of life have you
been living
if you haven't played
Sevens at least once?
- Yeah Shin,
what kind of life have you been
living?
- I'd like to know too.
- I think you guys should
teach me how to play.
I'm bored with Mahjong anyway.
- No way, man, I'm sick of
playing Sevens.
- What was it like for
you growing up Shin?
It seems easy for you to
get along with people.
You're already talking to these
guys
like it's no big deal, it's
amazing.
- Shin, if you're done, I'll
play.
- Here, take my place.
Where's the bathroom?
- [Nana] Over there.
- Takumi goes to the bathroom?
Oh, duh, of course he does.
What is wrong with me?
It's just that Ren and Takumi
are different from what I
expected.
You hardly ever see Trap Nest on
TV.
So I kind of had an image in my
mind
from the CDs and magazines,
that they'd be much more cool
and aloof,
especially Takumi.
In interviews he always
acts serious and in control.
So I imagined that in person,
he was gonna be quiet and
mature,
but he's not really like that.
He's more of a friendly,
big brother type of guy.
(knife clattering on tabletop)
Huh?
(Takumi munching)
(Hachiko gasps)
(dramatic music)
- These tomatoes are delicious.
Where'd you get them from?
- Jun, my friend, Jun.
Her family grows them
at home in the garden,
she gave them to me.
- Oh, cool.
- Tomato, Takumi likes tomatoes!
Do you wanna take some home with
you?
I've got lots of them.
- Hmm.
I'd love to, but there's no
point.
We're gonna be back on tour
again in a couple days.
- Oh yeah, the tour.
I was at your concert and I
loved it.
I hope the rest of the tour
goes really well for you.
- Huh.
(Hachiko giggles)
(Takumi chuckles)
- He's so cool, and he's so hot!
What should I do?
This is too much, I can't even
move.
(doorbell dings)
- Hmm?
- That must be Yasu.
- Finally, what took the guy so
long?
- Hachiko, get the door.
- It's okay, I'll get it.
(footsteps receding)
(door opens)
- Hmm
- Yasu, long time no see, what's
up man?
- Takumi, what the hell
are you doing here?
- You went to school together?
- Yeah.
Two of us went to the same
junior high,
way back when.
But we weren't friends
with each other at school.
Actually, I didn't even
want to be friends with him.
- You what?
- How come I never knew about
this?
- You were always doing stuff
that pushed the limits of
acceptable human behavior.
I don't know how you managed
to keep yourself out of juve.
- Unlike you, I have a
delicate sensibility.
Life was difficult when
I was a kid.
- When we finished junior high,
we went to different high
schools.
We both started playing in bands
and we'd see each other at
various gigs around town.
That was when we became friends.
- Well, it was a pretty small
town.
We kept bumping into one another
at rehearsal studios and
stuff like that.
- I used to go to gigs
all the time back then,
and Trap Nest always put
on the best live shows.
I remember thinking,
"Damn, now there's a woman who
can sing."
(can crunches)
- You just like the vocalist?
- No, I loved everything about
you guys.
- You better watch out Nobu,
Takumi bites.
- Nobu's just got this
obsession with Reira.
- Really?
Then why don't I invite her over
as well?
- What?
- I'll give her a call.
- You don't have to do that for
me.
I just get all weird and
nervous.
- Besides, she doesn't
know how to play Mahjong.
- Do not call her.
- She doesn't have to play.
I just wanna meet her.
- Yeah, me too.
- Well Yasu, is it okay with
you?
Should I invite her over?
- Yeah, it's fine with me,
but I don't know if she'll wanna
come.
- [Takumi] Then I won't
tell her you're here.
- [Yasu] Leave it alone, man.
- Now wait a second.
What exactly is going on here?
Did something happen
between you and Reira, Yasu?
- [Yasu] No, nothing, forget it.
- You mean they don't know?
- [Nobu] Know what?
Tell me.
(phone button beeps)
- She's not answering.
Guess that's too bad, huh Yasu?
- Aha.
(Ren munches)
- These tomatoes are delicious.
- Don't change the subject.
- It's all cool, it's ancient
history.
He and Reira used to go out
with each other for a while.
- What?
(Hachiko sighs)
- (groans) I don't believe this!
Sometimes I really hate
you guys, you know that?
You never tell me
anything that's going on.
I've been left out once again.
- We didn't leave you out on
purpose,
we just didn't talk about it.
- Then start talking.
- Reira and I were seeing each
other
back when I was in the old band
with Ren.
We broke up before I even met
you guys.
So there was no reason
to tell you anything.
- And the breakup was really
hard on you.
That's why you didn't wanna talk
about it.
- It wasn't that bad,
stop making things up.
- She had you wrapped
around her little finger.
- [Yasu] No, that's just the way
she is.
- Whatever you say.
- So tell me, is Reira
really like that with guys?
- Yeah, but that's when
she was in high school,
and man, did she look
cute in that uniform?
I was gonna ask her out,
but Yasu got to her first, too
bad.
- Oh yeah?
- How long did you guys go out
for?
- Not long.
Can we change this subject now?
- You guys were together
for about a year, weren't you?
- That long?
- Actually, it was more like two
years.
- You call that not long?
- So why'd you guys break up?
- Enough already, give me a
break.
I'm not too good at defending
myself.
(tap water running)
- Why do I suddenly feel so
depressed?
I was totally happy
when I found out about Nana and
Ren,
but this thing about Yasu and
Reira dating,
kind of bothers me.
It might have ended long ago,
but still, he dated a girl
who was so beautiful and
talented.
Why would he pay any attention
to me?
I can't compete with her,
we're worlds apart.
Now Yasu seems out of my league.
Then again,
everyone here is from a
different world,
not like plain old me.
They're only nice to me
'cause I'm Nana's roommate.
(melodious music)
- It's your turn Hachi,
stop being such a space cadet.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- I don't blame you,
playing cards is boring.
This game is for little kids.
- You're the one who
said you wanted to play.
- Hachiko, what happened to all
the beer?
I thought we had more.
- I put everything in the
fridge,
are they gone already?
- We're out of wine too.
- Wait, did you drink that all
yourself?
- Damn, you guys.
Nobu, we need you to make a beer
run.
Beer, wine, sake and shochu.
- Why do I have to go?
I haven't been drinking.
- [Nana] So? Who else would go?
- Get me some smokes too, okay?
(Nobu groans)
- Damn, I might as well
start drinking again.
- Wait up Nobu, I wanna go with
you.
You won't be able to carry it
all back by yourself.
- I still can't believe that
about Yasu.
I'm in total shock.
(shoes tapping on the road)
- All right.
You've got a big crush on Reira,
don't you?
It's completely understandable,
she's so beautiful.
- Huh?
Oh no, that's not it.
I was just surprised
that he kept it all a secret.
I mean, I know Reira is
beautiful,
and she's a great singer,
but even so, I'm not a huge fan
of hers.
I guess I'm just fascinated by
her
'cause she's famous.
- Really?
But when Blast gets signed
by a big record label,
I'm sure you'll be famous too!
Just wait and see.
- Huh?
- What do you mean huh?
Don't tell me you don't
wanna hit the big time.
- Well, yeah, I guess so.
But for me it's never been
about becoming famous.
It's about becoming a successful
musician.
You know, it'd be nice
if I could just make a
living with my guitar.
- Wow Nobu, you really
are totally obsessed
with playing the guitar, aren't
you?
You're not just into music
'cause you wanna become
some famous rockstar,
and I think that's cool.
We're different 'cause I
totally get star struck.
- Well, of course I wouldn't
mind
if it turns out that I do
become a famous rockstar.
(Hachiko laughs)
- I knew it.
- You know, there's something
about what we're doing in Blast
that just makes me wanna go for
it.
I really believe we've
got a chance to make it
if we go all out.
(shoes tapping on the road)
Now that Nana's back with Ren,
she's even more competitive
than she ever was before.
And you know how Shin started
playing bass
because he wanted to be better
than Ren?
Well Ren was the musician I
wanted to be
when I was starting out too.
And then there's Yasu,
who's always against us
trying to get a record deal.
But even he's going for it now.
(cheerful music)
So everything seems perfect, you
know,
we're gonna beat Trap Nest.
- You know, with Reira and
Yasu having this history,
that means there's one more
thing
that connects Trap Nest and
Blast.
It's like your destinies are
intertwined!
- Intertwined destinies?
I guess it could be possible.
But we're not ready to take them
on yet.
- I wonder why the two of them
broke up.
- This is only a guess,
but maybe it has something to do
with when Reira removed to Tokyo
so she could make it big
with the other guys in Trap
Nest.
Back then, Yasu was so busy
studying
to become a lawyer,
the band was more of a
side project for him.
The two of them
obviously had different goals in
life.
Any future they would've
had together was doomed.
(Hachiko sighs)
(melodious music)
- Okay, so if that was the only
reason
for Yasu and Reira breaking up,
maybe now that things have
changed,
they can get back together
again,
just like Ren and Nana.
- I doubt it.
You can't compare the two
situations.
I think Ren and Nana have
something
pretty unique going on.
- Oh yeah? How so?
You know, they've got something
special.
How many couples do you know
who'd still be so obsessively
in love with each other
after being apart for two years?
You gotta admit, it's not
normal.
You'd think their feelings
would've changed by now.
It's rare to meet someone
you're drawn to that strongly,
and make such a lasting
connection.
- So Nana found true love.
Oh, I love stories like that!
- Really?
I like all that slushy stuff
too.
I'm a romantic at heart.
- (laughs) You? Romantic? Get
outta here.
- Well, I am.
What's so funny about that?
- I sure hope I'll meet
someone like that one day,
my own true love.
- Till then,
I'm happy with a few
distractions
like Aki from the corner store.
- Who's she?
You mean the girl we just saw
at the cash register?
- (chuckles) Nah, she's just
an imaginary crush of mine.
Same as Mio from the smoke shop.
- A virtual Aki and a virtual
Mio?
He's just as crazy as me.
This is the first time Nobu and
I
have ever really talked
about stuff on our own.
We've got a lot in common.
(can pops)
Nobu, what are you doing?
I thought you decided to stop
drinking.
You know you can't hold your
liquor.
- Yeah. But even when I don't
drink,
nothing good happens.
My family's disowned me,
I gotta get the beer,
I can't play Mahjong, and I'm
short.
(Hachiko and Nobu laugh)
- You feel a lot better now.
If I had a boyfriend like Nobu,
I know I'd have a lot of fun.
What am I doing
thinking about Nobu like that?
Just 'cause Yasu's out of the
picture?
I must be boy crazy.
But it's not like I go for just
anyone.
Jun was right, my garden's too
ripe.
But I guess it doesn't hurt to
ask.
So Nobu, do you have a
girlfriend right now?
- Not right now, why?
Do you know anyone who's
available?
- Maybe I should apply.
What?
Takumi went home?
- Yeah, he got a call in his
cell,
sounded important.
Must have been some woman.
- I'm sure it was, knowing him,
a man with no morals.
- Oh yeah, you're one to talk.
- Nana, why didn't you
at least make him stay
till I got back?
How could you do this to me?
- Hachiko, you need to
forget about Takumi.
He's a total player, stay away
from him.
- I don't care about that!
- Okay. If you're cool with it,
do whatever you want.
- That's not what I meant.
I just wanted to get his
autograph
before he left tonight.
- Oh, so that's what this is
about.
(Ren laughs)
- Don't cry Hachiko, it's okay.
I can get his autograph
for you, no problem.
- Hachiko, it's so sweet
that he's calling me Hachiko.
Can I have your autograph?
- Now she likes me.
- I guess anyone will do.
(Hachiko chugging)
- It's been quite a roller
coaster,
but what an amazing day!
- Interesting how she's gone
back
to her usual self since Takumi
left.
- She must have been nervous.
- Yeah, I was too.
- You liar.
- The only conversation I had
with Takumi
was about the tomatoes
that came from Jun's
mom and dad's garden.
I was so happy.
He was actually talking to me.
But why are we never
happy with what we have?
We always seem to want more.
(cell phone rings)
(groans) Who's calling now?
Just lemme sleep a little more.
(cell phone keeps ringing)
Shin, what are you doing in my
bed?
- It feels nice and cozy.
Did we do it?
- Nothing happened.
You didn't pay me for it, Hachi.
(Hachiko gasps)
- Shin, don't say that,
that's prostitution.
What should I do about him?
Does he really do it for money?
I guess I always wondered,
but still, he's young and he's
cute,
the ladies must love him.
I mean, I thought he was
just sleeping around.
But if he's expecting something
in return,
he's too young for that.
Shouldn't I say something
to him?
Hmm, only Nobu's here?
What happened to Yasu?
Did he go home?
Looks like someone cleaned up,
bet it was Yasu.
He's so sweet.
Where are Ren and Nana?
Oh. (chuckles)
(cell phone rings)
My phone!
- Oh hi Nana, is that you?
Thank goodness, I was getting
worried
'cause I called a few times
and no one picked up.
Knowing how much you drank last
night,
I just wanted to call
and see how you were doing this
morning.
Were you already getting up?
- Yeah, thanks, I just got out
of bed.
- I guess it's okay to
show up in the afternoon
when you work for a publisher.
(Hachiko gasps)
- No, it's not okay!
(dramatic music)
- You got hay fever?
(Hachiko coughs)
Oh, you've got a cold, is that
it?
Are you all right?
You shouldn't come in to work
when you're that sick.
Actually, you don't
have to come in at all.
- Miss Sakagami,
I think the boss just fired me!
- Of course he did.
- I can't believe it.
I know you were always
really strict with me
but I thought you were on my
side
and you'd stand up for me.
- The world doesn't
just revolve around you!
You have no idea how much
of a slacker you are.
Goodbye!
- When I need a drink,
I can buy a can of coffee for
120 Yen.
But I'd rather sit in
sip tea at a fancy cafe.
I wanna live in a nice place.
I wanna wear cool clothes.
See all the latest films,
buy the latest cell phone,
get my driver's license,
go traveling.
So I need a job.
I have to get it together.
I don't mind working hard
if it means I can have all that
stuff.
No matter how much stuff I think
I want,
it's never enough.
I don't even have the energy to
stand up.
I just want one thing to go
right for me.
Something that'll give me the
energy
so I can keep going.
(cell phone rings)
(bag zipper opens)
Hello?
- Is this Nana?
(Hachiko gasps)
It's me, Takumi.
Can you talk right now?
- Yeah.
- Sorry about yesterday.
You made us a ton of food
and I left without saying
anything.
I wanted to say thank you.
So, I hope you don't mind,
but I got your number from Ren.
- Oh thanks.
But I wish I could have prepared
something nicer for you.
- [Takumi] Nana, you're a great
cook.
It was perfect, thank you.
Are you at work?
Sorry, you must be busy.
- No, it's cool.
I'm just wandering around.
- [Takumi] Wandering around?
Where are you?
- Omotesando.
- What? Really?
I'm in Omotesando too.
I'm stuck in traffic.
- No way!
Oh, whereabouts?
- [Takumi] I'm heading towards
Harajuku,
w-well, sort of.
- Harajuku?
That means he's on the
other side of the street!
- [Takumi] Traffic's at a
standstill.
Right now I'm in front of Gucci.
- What kind of car?
- [Takumi] A black G Wagon.
- A G what? What does it look
like?
- [Takumi] It's a black SUV.
It's pretty big, so it should
stand out.
- Oh, I see you!
- (Takumi chuckles) Come over
here then.
- That was the summer I was 20
years old.
- [Takumi] Jump in and let's go
somewhere.
Are you hungry?
- I felt empty inside.
And the only way
I thought I could fill that
emptiness,
was by falling in love.
- Man, Hachiko is late.
Should we go ahead and eat?
- Maybe she's just given us some
space.
She must have seen the do not
disturb sign
on the bedroom door.
- My faithful Hachiko,
behaving like a well trained
puppy,
unlike the other stray
dogs we've got with us.
- You got that right.
- So when are you guys gonna be
leaving?
(Shin and Nobu chuckling)
- In those days Nana,
everything in your world
looked so shiny and sparkling,
luring me in.
It wasn't that I'd go out with
any guy,
I just wanted to bask
in your bright shining light.